we have a control he died from into the
woods the delightful Emily Blunt is here
with us is married to John Krasinski and
John and Emily not only are they are my
wife and I very good friends with them
there are our neighbors we live right
across the street from each other and we
have a holiday tradition that was
started by them a few years back three
years ago John and Emily broke into my
house I was at work I made the mistake
of giving them a key to the house and
they used it to break in unlawfully to
set up this Santa and snowman light
display which we found to our puzzlement
when we got home so I retaliated in a
minor way I bought a big neon insurance
sign on Craigslist and I installed it on
their front wall of their driveway and
we I think we have another picture
there's John going wide and four-time
all was well until the next year when
they planted this zombie in our garden
it was not Christmassy at all and I will
say terrified us even looking at it now
scares me so my wife and I saw their
zombie and we raised them a 26 foot tall
inflatable reindeer complete with non
inflatable reindeer poop that we
right fun I threw down the G so then
last year rather than wait for them to
do something to me first I decided to
end this once and for all by taking it
to an entirely different level while
John and Emily were out we gift-wrapped
their house I sent the whole staff over
to their house and we really went to
town we had toys candy canes snow we
wrapped all their doors and windows and
then John came home from work and he was
surprised and then this is La keep in
mind we had carolers
[Music]
and that was it right I mean that was
that's it there's no you can't go beyond
that once you get robbed somebody's
house it can't be talked so this year in
fact last week after the show I was with
some friends leaving the show going to
dinner and I walked out to my car as I
do every night and little did I know
that my car had been wrapped from from
headlight to tailgate and okay so there
I am
that's my post work look passing by the
heavy equipment mr. Dylan
it has to be him Pierzynski I'm glad it
is when I walked out I was like I hope
this is not my car
well somebody take a picture me I mean
you are your wrapping paper that covers
a car that's another thing I'm wondering
they even did the door handle
well I don't know wow that is impressive
I have to hand it to you that is very
impressive you suck
[Music]
that's it and that's enough right well
turned out that wasn't enough because
the next night they did something else
to me and when Emily gets out here a
little bit later we'll show you the
result of that eventually one of us is
gonna have to move is what's gonna have
it it's preferably out of the country
maybe I wonder if I could have Emily
deported can you help me with that
Guillermo I'll take it to Mexico with me
yeah I want to know who was responsible
for this was this you or John or some
combination it was a combination a
combination the two yeah okay went
through a couple of options and decided
just to do all of them well thank ya
thank you and you know there's a lot
those were a lot of balls to clean up
yeah yeah yeah no well I actually didn't
do any of it to be but so and then the
next night after my car was filled with
ornaments I went out to the parking lot
and this happened it was time to bring
it
oh no again
[Music]
[Applause]
were you terrified and I love that you
flinched yes but that it is your
nightmare if people singing at you right
yes singing right that is uncomfortable
for me I'm by the way I want to thank
you for not putting the reindeer in my
car John actually wanted that you would
know then I'll just sit in the back like
this I don't know when I saw the
reindeer I'd be honest wasn't entirely
sure they exist
so I inspected it to see if you detached
horns to some other kind of a deer and
it's or no no there are such thing as
radial is pretty big that was bad
Guillermo did nothing to help me nothing
to stop this you supposed to be the
parking lot security guard I will sing
you know the thing is that I don't think
we can stop at that so I just want to
take a quick look live at your car oh no
I'm just oh yeah
there's a beard on a beard to bid Santa
what is going on can John here without a
beard on a beard what does that say I
think I look G you like two guys is what
it means okay yeah John how did you say
the reindeer we're going to sit in the
car no we're not doing that seat but
this is a different one
oh no I'm gonna take this for a spin
because I needed a sleigh to give away
all your stuff oh that's my Natalie your
computer this is really a computer
you're freaking out right now and I love
it you get what do you mean he's giving
it away giving away you actually gone
please do not do whatever you want to my
clarinet do not go just say Molly helped
us we raided your house and we took a
lot of your own stuff we're gonna give
it away to the kids of America the kids
don't need like a
[Applause]
what what is going on out there
I will tell you this is not this does
not end until I look at Santa had a
little bit of eggnog before is anything
else gonna happen maybe you guys will
Pat my baby in a FedEx box and send her
away I'd send it to me she's a cute well
merry Christmas to you may God help you
next year Emily everybody
[Applause]
[Music]
I am Jimmy Kimmel thanks for watching
our video click right here to subscribe
to our channel and click right here and
I will fall in love with you guaranteed
[Music]